requires/types: introduce expression type (expr.py) (#913)
canonical/hotsos: doc/source/contrib/language_ref/property_ref/requirement_types.rst

* input_value: value of the variable used as input
* ops: str representation of ops list

Expression
----------

> Expressions allows the user to express a requirement in a human-readable domain specific language. It's purpose

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Expressions allow the user to express a requirement in a human-readable domain specific language. Its purpose
```

> is to provide a simplified, clear an concise expression grammar to all requirement types, and eliminate redundancies.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is to provide a simplified, clear and concise expression grammar for all requirement types and to eliminate redundancies.
```
